# Dat Protocol Working Group

Process Information for the Dat Protocol Working Group (Notes, Agenda, Members)

### More Information:

* [Dat Enchancement Proposals](https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs) Repository
* [Meeting Notes](/meeting-notes)

## Meetings

Current Schedule: Every other Wednesday at 6:30PM (CET) / 9:30AM (PST)

We will aim to stream meetings live, if possible. Notes will be published here after meetings are over. 

## Members

*(Protocol working group members can be fluid - we will aim to have a consistent core)*

Initial Members:

* [Mathias Buus](https://github.com/mafintosh/)
* [Karissa McKelvey](https://github.com/karissa/)
* [Paul Frazee](https://github.com/pfrazee/)
* [Tara Vancil](https://github.com/taravancil)
* [Joe Hand](http://github.com/joehand/)
* [Bryan Newbold](https://github.com/bnewbold)
