# dat protocol WG

*09 Jan 2017*

People:

* Mafintosh
* Joe
* Paul (Beaker)
* Tara (Beaker)
* Bryan (IA, not in official capacity)
* Danielle
* Karissa


## Proposed Agenda Items (proposed during call)

* RFC for core protocol changes
    * Research other RFC processes
    * Report back at next call?
* How do we decide who has accept PRs permission in the core repo(s)
    * More formal process needed for big things, as bad changes can be ... v bad
    * What should this process look like?
    * Story for who has what permissions today?
* Unifying/organizing where the docs are and how the project delegates adding/changing
    * (Discussed, moving most to datprotocol org with some exceptions)
* Moving to support new version deployments
    * Moving window of support?
    * Put a version number in protocol stream (part of a RFC)
    * Main decision - do we want to enforce a migration strategy in RFC? Or is that too high a burden?
    * Require note that this is breaking, what libraries/layers break (Rust, example)
* Need to address some issues with connectivity (failure to connect rates at 25% in Beaker)
    * Find out when we can get on priority list and get it done
* Dat.json file (?? - where does this fit)
    * RFC - dat enhancement proposal

## NOTES!

* Idea bi-weekly call. In the future it can be a public hangout. This first one is private.
* Idea: Protocol working group, can be fluid but should have same core
* Call to discuss what is missing from protocol
* More formal process for what can be added, more transparent process
* Goal: seen more as an organization and less as a group of informal hackers
* Should have an agenda every time
* Mathias - wild idea that we stream this on Beaker =)
* (Introductions for Bryan + Danielle) - Bryan participating as an individual, not as IA employee
* Need to catch up documentation on new changes, hyperdb, etc.
* Also is whitepaper and should RFC just be PRs to whitepaper
* Formal documentation for implementers
* Many different sites for information (dat protocol, docs, whitepaper, repos, etc.)
* Each meeting "Big Priorities" list (what is the biggest issue you have right now)
* Time limit on meeting (? - yes an 45 min - 1hr)
* What is the best way we can get work spread out to everyone + decisions?
    * Get RFC process going without having to wait 2 weeks
    * Any missing docs, etc. - get those kicked off now
* There should be two doc repos (datproject.org, beaker)
    * Keep using datproject.org as main place for all Dat stuff
    * beakerbrowser.com/docs - they plan on doing a big push in next few months on docs
        * (also web specs repo - in beaker) - collect resources for anyone that may want to implement in browser
            * Seems natural for this to go in the same place as RFC
* Things:
    * RFC
    * Dat Docs
    * Beaker Docs
* Extraneous things:
    * Beaker specs repo (https://github.com/beakerbrowser/specs) should probably be merged into other docs
    * Web Specs (https://github.com/datprotocol/web-specs)
    * datprotocol.com should probably be merged into docs.datproject.org
* Docs could be separated into technical vs user:
    * Dat Protocol - implementation, protocol, RFC
    * Docs.datproject - user oriented, funder oriented
* Whitepaper is not substitution for spec
    * Holes in whitepaper right now
    * Need a spec alongside the spec - whitepaper is more static thing
    * PDF is more a snapshot in time, harder to change
* Bittorrent.org is nice because it has for users, for developers links
* Can be confusing if spec is changing rapidly
    * needs to be versioned and should be clear what things are using what version
* Put protocol spec in RFC system (similar to bit torrent site)
* PROPOSAL:
    * dat protocol has all the spec stuff, no software
    * ? Are docs.datproject going to move? No
    * RFC stuff gets published on dat protocol
* Protocol website should mostly be for people implementing or trying to improve protocol
* Concern for having documentation in many places
* Two things for webspecs:
    * What browser is supposed to do (implementation specific)?
    * What APIs are required to be implemented?
    * On docs.datproje.orrrgg - something for people writing JS in browser
    * docs.datproject.org = using dat software
    * datprotocol.com = specs, rfc
* Beaker has informal RFC system (https://github.com/beakerbrowser/specs)
    * Been doing it mainly for Beaker-specific decisions
    * Should they continue to keep it separate from Dat Protocol RFC?
    * Ask if they should be in web specs list (Should it move to dat protocol org)?
* What other RFC process exists, can we look at examples

## Follow Ups (Action Items)

* Agenda for next meeting (JOE - start a new doc/issue for agenda proposals. Submit by (?- date))
* Time for next meeting (MAFINTOSH: this time - 9:30PST Wednesday, mafintosh will share schedule next one)
* Put these notes up on a repo (JOE: Dat Protocol organization repo; meeting notes)
* Move whitepaper to Dat protocol organization, static repo with readme for RFC (JOE)
    * BRYAN will rip out new stuff from the whitepaper so we can freeze it
* Datprotocol.com site (WHO?? simplify, replace) (JOE can start)
* Create RFC system and publish on datprotocol.com
    * Create https://github.com/datprotocol/rfcs (PAUL)
    * Sunset https://github.com/datprotocol/web-specs (PAUL)
    * Discuss the voting/veto process for accepting RFCs (PAUL will start issue)
* Research existing RFC processes and find example (BRYAN) 
    * https://github.com/bnewbold/dat-docs/blob/bnewbold-rfcs/rfcs/0000-rfc-process.md
    * Copy ^ to new repo and start issues there (JOE - new repo)
    * Include a process for managing version #s and breaking changes (discussion in process repo issues)
* How do we decide who has accept PRs permission in the core repo(s) 
    * Move to next call? (discussion can happen in RFC process repo issues)
    * Time for a more formal process (in Danielle's opinion) 
* Make a datprotocol/repo for meta process (JOE):
    * meeting notes
    * agenda
    * Bryan RFC process research
    * Misc. organization issue discussions, etc.
* Network issues:
    * Need deterministic bug and integration testing via mininet (PAUL - create repo + share w/ mafintosh)
    * Once there is failing integration tests, mafintosh can help fix/diagnose
    * Where do integration tests live (org/repo?) - datprotocol/integration-tests
