# dat protocol WG (#06)

*21 March 2018 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/9)

## People

* Joe
* Paul
* Bryan
* Tara
* Mafintosh
* Karissa

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
* AGENDA ITEM (pfrazee): standard hypercore header to identify protocol and protocol version. Should it just be conventional? Should it be extra data outside the feed/merkle-tree? Should it be large enough to move dat.json metadata into it?
* AGENDA ITEM (pfrazee): standardizing the protocol for registries (dat publish)
* AGENDA ITEM (mafintosh): I'd like to invite [@andrewosh](https://github.com/andrewosh) to join the WG. He has deep knowledge of the internals and built multiple interesting modules on top


## Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/05-07mar2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/10)

#### Previous Action Items:

* DEPs:
    * See [PRs](https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/pulls)
    * bnewbold: captured most of changes in code that were merged into master
    * hyperdb DEP is almost "coverage complete"
    * multi-writer still needs attention
    * 
* Automated meeting prep
    * See [new issue template](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/meeting_agenda.md#meetings-prep)
* DNS -> Datprotocol.com
    * We need someone to own this one. Joe can help but not sure what else needs to be done.
    * Steps:
        1. jhand - set up DNS entries
        2. (mafintosh) ping joe for changes we need to make

## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM (pfrazee): standard hypercore header to identify protocol and protocol version. Should it just be conventional? Should it be extra data outside the feed/merkle-tree? Should it be large enough to move dat.json metadata into it?
    * (mafintosh) thinking is that we'll add a fully user defined header block (binary, meant to be small, but variable sized). this piece of data does *not* go in the feed, instead it lives on the side as a feed description. we hash the block of data and use the hash as the key in the hypercore hash function (turns it into an hmac). this block of data is always exchanged in the protocol stream as part of the handshake.
    * Sort of extension of existing 'hyperdrive' key.
    * Would be backwards compatible. If no user-defined header, operate as it does today.
    * (bryan) two things that make me squeamish are 1) trying to decode a binary blob multiple time to determine what protobuf it is 2) verifying the integrity of metadata by using the metadata as a hash/encryption key
    * old proposal: have a template protobuf (eg, first N fixed fields) schema used to encode a special first entry. applications can extend.
    * let's take it offline, i'm actually liking the string version thing but it's more work so meh
* AGENDA ITEM (pfrazee): standardizing the protocol for registries (dat publish)
    * (pfrazee) I dont have a spec yet for this, so maybe what I'll do is draft a DEP
    * hashbase assigns ownership to first uploader
    * datbase relies on CLI to check if user can write to archive
    * [https://github.com/beakerbrowser/hashbase/blob/master/docs/flows/dat-ownership-proof.md](https://github.com/beakerbrowser/hashbase/blob/master/docs/flows/dat-ownership-proof.md)
    * bnewbold_> it might be nice for such an API to have a way to accept "nominations" without authentication (eg, how [archive.org](http://archive.org/) has "save page now", or EDGI accepts nominations-for-archiving). most wouldn't implement this.
        * pfrazee: out of scope for this
    * a simple api for telling a rest server to archive any dat or hypercore is def useful by itself
    * pfrazee like to keep this first DEP scoped to the simple API, if that's alright
        * methods for: add, remove, login/auth
    * sync up on hashbase/datbase API differences
* AGENDA ITEM (mafintosh): I'd like to invite [@andrewosh](https://github.com/andrewosh) to join the WG. He has deep knowledge of the internals and built multiple interesting modules on top
    * https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group#wg-membership-process
    * 1) are meetings open? 2) can non-WG members chat during meetings?
        * yes meetings are open
        * meetings are open but if that becomes a problem, we can start using a moderated channel
    * I don't think it should be formalized/specified, but it would probably be good for the community to have new WG members announce themselves somewhere

## Decisions Made

* Meetings are open but if that becomes a problem, we can start using a moderated channel

## ACTION ITEMS

* DNS -> datprotocol.com (@mafintosh - ping @joehand about changes)
* start a discussion thread about hypercore header issue (@bnewbold)
* simple registry HTTP API DEP (@pfrazee)
* invite andrewosh to future meetings! (@mafintosh)
* add note to [wg page](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group) to say meetings are open (@joehand)
* update datprotocol.com with new dep (@joehand)

