# dat protocol WG (#07)

*04 April 2018 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/12)

## People

* pfrazee
* tara
* joe
* mafintosh
* bnewbold
* (guest) bret
* danielle

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: What happened to concept of "checkpoints"? Is that an idea that is still being discussed or considered? I discussed this with @taravancil in irc yesterday and we decided to ask during the next meeting. (bret)
- AGENDA ITEM: discuss HTTP Pinning Service API DEP datprotocol/DEPs#19 (paul)
- AGENDA ITEM: general DEP progress update. Timeline? (joe)
- AGENDA ITEM: process for handling security questions. (joe)

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/06-21mar2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/11)

#### Action Item Review:

* DEPs
    * hyperdb an hour or so away, multi-writer a little longer
    * hyperdb I don't think contributors would be helpful
    * multi-writer another contributor could probably make progress
* Network updates (DNS to datprotocol.com): no progress. Moved to next action item list =).
* Community
 * Start a discussion thread about hypercore header issue ([@bnewbold](https://github.com/bnewbold)): https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/issues/13
 * invite andrewosh to future meetings! ([@mafintosh](https://github.com/mafintosh))


## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM: What happened to concept of "checkpoints"? Is that an idea that is still being discussed or considered? I discussed this with @taravancil in irc yesterday and we decided to ask during the next meeting. (bret)
    * IIRC we tabled checkpoints until multiwriter could land
    * Checkpoints are similat to git tags yea
    * do a new DEP once multiwriter lands
* AGENDA ITEM: process for handling security questions.
    * I definitely lean towards public response as soon as we think the issue isn't "the entire world is on fire"
    * where should that go and do we need another note about how we process that feedback
    * we'll have to do case-by-case. Lean towards telling people asap, but if we need to deploy a fix first, we should
* AGENDA ITEM: discuss HTTP Pinning Service API DEP datprotocol/DEPs#19 (paul)
    * focus on issues of function. Does it do everything needed, etc
    * for instance, an earlier draft had routes for handling registration. I removed that though, because I figure we can just do that via html interfaces
    * CLI currently support registration, but keeping registration online is okay to support different needs
    * features I want to point out
        * archives can have multiple domains specified, and a GET on an archive lists all of the available URLs
        * that's 1) to support multiple custom domains, and 2) to support HTTPS mirroring
* AGENDA ITEM: general DEP progress update. Timeline? (joe)
    * DEPs stalled while blocked on dev work
    * hyperdb/multi-writer are not blocked on dev; i'll probably have questions about multi-writer
* Heartbeat issue (https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/issues/18)
    * mafintosh want to implement bnewbold idea


## Decisions Made

* Guests can't vote on agenda items but input is values
* Checkpoint DEP once multiwriter lands
* SLEEP DEP wait for volunteer, lower priority

## ACTION ITEMS

* Update Upcoming Meeting Agenda item template to specity that guests can't +1 agenda items. (@joehand)
* Security:
  - [ ] Add security email to the websites (@joehand, @pfrazee/@taravancil)
  - [ ] readmes of dat cli, dat-node (@joehand); beaker (@pfrazee/@taravancil)
  - [ ] Add info to issue template: "are you reporting a security issue that would impact general users? maybe try..." (@joehand); beaker (@pfrazee/@taravancil)
* HTTP Pin DEP
    * Make todo about changing `url` or `urls` in archive response (@pfrazee)
    * Note that if quota==0 is a registry
    * Consider https://archive.org/services/purl/ for reltypes
* DEPs (from prev meeting)
  - [ ] simple registry HTTP API DEP - *informative* (@pfrazee)
  - [ ] wire-protocol - *standard* (@pfrazee, @mafintosh review)
  - [ ] hyperdb - *standard* (@bnewbold, @mafintosh review)
  - [ ] multi-writer - *standard* (@bnewbold, @mafintosh review)
  - [ ] nomenclature - *informative* (@joehand, WG review)
  - [ ] discovery - *informative* (@taravancil/@pfrazee, @mafintosh review)
  - [ ] hyperdrive - *standard* (@pfrazee, @mafintosh review)
  - [ ] SLEEP - *standard*
* Network updates (from prev meeting)
  - [ ] Change DNS to use datprotocol.com (@joehand to ping @mafintosh to ping joe about it)
      - [ ] update dat-swarm-defaults
      - [ ] change DNS (joe owns datprotocol.com)
      - [ ] other tasks (?)
* Heartbeat issue (https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/issues/18)
    - [ ] mafintosh want to implement bnewbold idea
