# dat protocol WG (#09)

*02 May 2018 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/18)

## People

* pfrazee
* jhand
* mafintosh
* drobins
* bnewbold
* taravancil

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#25 (Dat DNS DEP)
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss merging datprotocol/DEPs#3 (HyperDB DEP)

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/08-18apr2018)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/17)

#### Action Item Review:

* Most got done, some carried over

## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#25 (Dat DNS DEP)
    * needs a privacy/security section
    * txt records are always kv pairs in practice
    * we need to pick a key for the dat key
    * yeah basically but I'm thinking a simple `PUBKEY=value` for the syntax
    * maf's suggestion of combining the tracker and dns (tabled)
    * we *need* the dual use since a ton of people are using well-known already
    * the DNS-over-HTTPS is gonna help with locked down networks
    * FEEDBACK:
        1. needs a privacy/security section. 
        2. let's rework the TXT record format
* AGENDA ITEM: Discuss merging datprotocol/DEPs#3 (HyperDB DEP)
    * feedback given in PR reviews
    * voted, moved to draft

## ACTION ITEMS

* Security
  - [ ] See last action items
* DNS
  - [ ] update dat docs with datland-swarm-defaults (@joehand)
* Heartbeat issue (datprotocol/DEPs#18)
  - [ ] @mafintosh want to implement bnewbold idea
* datprotocol/DEPs#25 (Dat DNS DEP)
  - [ ] add privacy/security section (@pfrazee)
  - [ ] update the TXT record format (@pfrazee)
* datprotocol/DEPs#3 (HyperDB DEP)
  - [ ] make final changes based on feedback (@bnewbold)
  - [ ] merge and publish as draft (@bnewbold)
* hypercore data-structure identification headers
  - [ ] try to finish discussion https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/issues/13 (@mafintosh, @bnewbold, all)
