# dat protocol WG (#10)

*May 16 2018*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/19)

## People

* pfrazee
* bnewbold
* mafintosh
* taravancil
* jhand

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: Merge the DNS DEP as a draft (https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/pull/25)

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/09-02may2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/20)

#### Action Item Review:

* "hypercore data-structure identification headers" is in progress and will be continued in the next 2 weeks

## Decisions Made

 * DNS DEP approved as draft

## ACTION ITEMS

 * Merge DNS DEP as draft
 * Update dat-dns module to support new DNS protocol
 * Continue discussion around "hypercore data-structure identification headers"
