# dat protocol WG (#13)

*DATE via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/25)

## People

* pfrazee
* jhand
* mafintosh
* bnewbold
* taravancil

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: vote on multiwriter dep
- AGENDA ITEM: pfrazee present research on tor/i2p
- AGENDA ITEM: vote on hyperdb dep update
- AGENDA ITEM: discuss Hypercore Header DEP
- AGENDA ITEM: vote on Ephemeral message extension DEP

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/12-20June2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/26)

## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM: pfrazee present research on tor/i2p
    * reading up on what has been done in the past for bittorrent. I read up on how SOCKS5 proxying works, and I read up on the high levels of i2p and tor, mostly tor
    * regarding tor, it looks like if you want to host a service -- which in our case is anyone who wants to seed -- you have to use a tor-specific address, and I suspect that means you will not be a part of the non-tor network
    *  if you're a client establishing a connection, you can connect to tor and non-tor nodes
    * if you're a "server" receiving connections, your tor address is for tor-using-clients only
    * next task will be to *try* using dat over tor and see how difficult it is to get working. If it does work, the task after that would be to try some benchmarks over the wan
    * two things we should support:
        * have DNS-over-TLS peers listen as hidden services
        * have our discovery mechanisms support .onion addresses in addition to regular DNS
* AGENDA ITEM: vote on multiwriter dep
    * to draft
- AGENDA ITEM: pfrazee present research on tor/i2p
- AGENDA ITEM: vote on hyperdb dep update
- AGENDA ITEM: discuss Hypercore Header DEP
    - to draft
- AGENDA ITEM: vote on Ephemeral message extension DEP
    - rejected


## Decisions Made

* hypercore header DEP to draft
* multiwriter dep to draft
* widthdraw ephemeral message dep

## ACTION ITEMS

* extentions
  - [ ] add extension process note to DEP repo (@pfrazee)
* hyperdb DEP
  - [ ] get hyperdb update ready for vote (@bnewbold)
* privacy/security
  - [ ] prioritize having beaker leave a swarm when you leave the page (@pfrazee)
  - [ ] docs update (@joehand)
  - [ ] OTF red team audit application (@joehand)
  - [ ] try using dat over tor (@pfrazee)
  - [ ] benchmark over wan (if tor works, @pfrazee)
  - [ ] experiment and write up tor experiements (@bnewbold)
  - [ ] organize hack/meet up with tor folks at dweb (@bnewbold)
