# dat protocol WG (#NUMBER)

*15 August 2018 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/27)

## People

* pfrazee
* mafintosh
* jhand
* bnewbold

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
* Re-orient the WG after the break
* Discuss next steps for security issue https://github.com/datproject/security-discussion/issues/1

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/12-20June2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/28)

#### Action Item Review:

* organize hack/meet up with tor folks at dweb (@bnewbold)
  * didnt work out
* carrying over other action items

## Meeting Notes

* Re-orient the WG after the break
    * We're going to focus on the breaking-changes deployment process
    * @bnewbold plans to get back into DEP writing
* AGENDA ITEM: Discuss next steps for security issue https://github.com/datproject/security-discussion/issues/1
    * We should follow up soon

## Decisions Made

* ...

## ACTION ITEMS

* make a PR with the trie change and a DEP explaining the change (@mafintosh)
* reply to the security issue (@mafintosh)
