# dat protocol WG (#NUMBER)

*12 September 2018 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/30)

## People

* pfrazee
* mafintosh
* drobins
* jhand
* karissa

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
* AGENDA ITEM: Security issues
* AGENDA ITEM: MOSS grant/ DEP updates related to implementation guide
* AGENDA ITEM: Make sure we have a DEP for the upcoming hyperdrive trie-structure update

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/14-15August2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/29)

#### Action Item Review:

No updates

## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM: Make sure we have a DEP for the upcoming hyperdrive trie-structure update
  * Most important thing: roll out header detection in major clients (Beaker, Dat) so that load-failures can give helpful error messages
  * Most of the relevant material is written in the hyperdb DEP, can be extracted

## Decisions Made

* AGENDA ITEM: MOSS grant/ DEP updates related to implementation guide
  * We are going to fund additional DEP writing first, and then the DEPs will be used to write the guide
  * Jhand will look for an author, looking for suggestions from community

## ACTION ITEMS

* Write a final update on the security issue (@mafintosh)
* Submit a DEP for hyperdrive/v2 (the trie-structure update) (@mafintosh, @pfrazee)
