# dat protocol WG (#17)

*2018/10/24 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/32)

## People

* pfrazee
* mafintosh
* bnewbold

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss and vote on typo-fix PRs to DEPs
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#43 (hypercore split resolution protocol)
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#45 (issues with the current DNS spec)

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/16-26September2018.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/33)

#### Action Item Review:

* **Still TODO** respond to the email thread behind datproject/security-discussion#1 (@mafintosh)
* **Still TODO** write up some notes on spec changes for hyperdb (simplifications & single-writer) (@mafintosh)
* **DONE** respond to datprotocol/DEPs#40 with "soft no" (@pfrazee)
* **DONE** merge datprotocol/DEPs#41 (@bnewbold)
* **DROPPING** add extension process note to DEP repo (@pfrazee)
* **Still TODO** get hyperdb update ready for vote (@bnewbold)
* **Still TODO** prioritize having beaker leave a swarm when you leave the page (@pfrazee)
* **Still TODO** docs update (@joehand)
* **Still TODO** OTF red team audit application (@joehand)
* **Still TODO** try using dat over tor (@pfrazee)
* **DROPPING** experiment and write up tor experiments (@bnewbold)

## Meeting Notes

- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss and vote on typo-fix PRs to DEPs
    - All are +1
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#43 (hypercore split resolution protocol)
    - The DEP does not address how to surface the "full split" which is important for accomplishing this goal.
- AGENDA ITEM: Discuss datprotocol/DEPs#45 (issues with the current DNS spec)
    - Neither pfrazee or mafintosh are excited about the UX/aesthetics of the proposed "underscore domains."
    - Seems like the .well-known DNS solution may be a suitable solution when CNAME conflicts occur.
    - It is possible to make the proposed change by altering the DNS record spec, supporting all known solutions for a period, and then dropping the old TXT solution.

## Decisions Made

* Resolved to merge typo-fix PRs
* Resolved to delay DEPs#43 until more time is available
* Resolved to explore .well-known/dat as a solution to DEPS#45

## ACTION ITEMS

- [ ] respond to DEPS#45 to explore the .well-known/dat solution (@pfrazee)
- [ ] respond to the email thread behind datproject/security-discussion#1 (@mafintosh)
- [ ] write up some notes on spec changes for hyperdb (simplifications & single-writer) (@mafintosh)
- [ ] get hyperdb update ready for vote (@bnewbold)
- privacy/security
  - [ ] prioritize having beaker leave a swarm when you leave the page (@pfrazee)
  - [ ] docs update (@joehand)
  - [ ] OTF red team audit application (@joehand)
  - [ ] try using dat over tor (@pfrazee)
