# dat protocol WG (#20)

*January 30, 2019 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/40)

## People

* pfrazee
* bnewbold
* mafintosh
* jhand

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- Review ACTION ITEM: Finish wire protocol DEP (@bnewbold)
  - bnewbold: I made good progress on that, but got more feedback and need to tweak formatting and wording a bit more
  - https://github.com/datprotocol/DEPs/pull/8
  - but would love to have yosh and/or maf take a peek at that section before merging

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/19-16January2019.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/39)


## Meeting Notes

* AGENDA ITEM:
    * Notes

## Decisions Made

* Carry over "ACTION ITEM: Finish wire protocol DEP (@bnewbold)"
* Finish up and merge the nomenclature DEP with an "evergreen status"

## ACTION ITEMS

* ACTION ITEM: Finish wire protocol DEP (@bnewbold)
* ACTION ITEM: Prep nomenclature DEP for merging (@joehand)
