# dat protocol WG (#21)

*Febrary 13, 2019 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/42)

## People

* pfrazee
* jhand
* karissa
* bnewbold
* mafintosh (observing)

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/20-30January2019.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/41)

#### Action Item Review:

* Finish wire protocol DEP (@bnewbold)
    * Just finished.
    * more review would be great (from an implementor), but a few people have looked it over
* Prep nomenclature DEP for merging (@joehand)
    * Did not do, but will be doing dat docs stuff this weekend and plan to also do that alongside it

## ACTION ITEMS

* Prep nomenclature DEP for merging (@joehand)
* Vote on Wire Protocol DEP at Next Meeting (ALL)
