# dat protocol WG (#22)

*27 Feb 2019 via IRC (#datprotocol)*

[Agenda discussion](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/44)

## People

* joe
* mafintosh
* karissa
* bnewbold
* pfrazee

## Agenda

* Review last meeting/action items
- AGENDA ITEM: 
    - Handshake $

## Summary/Review of Previous Meeting

* [Meeting notes](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/21-13February2019.md)
* [Action Items](https://github.com/datprotocol/working-group/issues/43)

#### Action Item Review:

* Prep nomenclature DEP for merging (@joehand)
    * Punted
* Vote on Wire Protocol DEP at Next Meeting (ALL)
    * Voted to add as draft (pfrazee, bnewbold, mafintosh, jhand)

## ACTION ITEMS

* Prep nomenclature DEP for merging (@joehand)
* Find more permanent home for datproject.org/paper and erdirect (@joehand)
* Merge Wire Protocol DEP (@bnewbold)
* Meet to discuss core work priorities for handshake
    * Tuesday 4:30pm pacific (6:30 texas, 830am hong kong)


###### tags: datprotocol
